Tell me about Medical Facility?
Medical facility is available to all the students and faculty within the campus. Institute has a tie-up with Apollo hospital, Sushrut Hospital and NDMVP Medical College. In case of emergency, the institute ambulance is used to transfer the sick person to the hospital. The institute has Doctor-on-call system and 24*7 availability of ambulance to handle emergencies.  Doctor is also appointed for Boys and Girls hostel.

What is the timming of Karmaveer Dispensary?
Timing: 12.00 pm to 3.00 pm.

What is the name and contact number of doctor?
Name of Doctor: Dr.  Abhijit A. Wagh (BAMS, PGDHM, LLB, MBA)
Contact Cell: 9822268682 .

What is the hostel and mess facilities for boys?
"TV ROOM,Reading Room,Wi-Fi Connectivity,Daily Cleaning of Hostel and Mess,Regular Medical Check-up,Doctor on Call,Ambulance,Laundry on Minimum Charges,Well Disciplined Environment,Ragging free atmosphere,CCTV Surveillance,Regular cleaning of water cooler and water tank,Accommodation for Visitor,Culture Activities,Grievance Redressal mechanism for students,Mess with Automated Kitchen,RO Water Purifier,Air Coolers,Solar Water Heater,Pest Control,Fire Extinguisher


What is the hostel and mess facilities for girls ?
TV ROOM,Reading Room,Wi-Fi Connectivity,Daily Cleaning of Hostel and Mess,Regular Medical Check-up,Doctor on Call,Ambulance,Laundry on Minimum Charges,Well Disciplined Environment,Ragging free atmosphere,CCTV Surveillance,Regular cleaning of water cooler and water tank,Culture Activities,Grievance Redressal mechanism for students,Mess with Automated Kitchen, Mobile food van from Canteen,Sanitary Napkin Vending Machine,RO Water Purifier,Air Coolers,Solar Water Heater,Indoor Games: Carom, Chess, Badminton,Pest Control,Fire Extinguisher .

Tell me about gym facility? ?
Instrument available-8 station multi gym with all types of bars, plates & benches. Twister sitter and standing, Abdominal board, Chin up, cable cross over, Decline & Incline bench press, hyperextension, Dipping with hip Flexor, Power cage, seating and standing calf machine, heap adductor, tread mill.

What are bank facilities?
1. Janalaxmi Sahkari Bank Ltd, Nashik
Business Hours:
Monday to Saturday: 10.00 am to 5.00 pm
Break Time: 2.30 pm to 3.00 pm
Second-Forth Saturday and Sunday holiday
2.Kallappanna Awade Ichalkaranji Janta Sahkari Bank Ltd., Nashik
Business Hours:
Monday to Saturday: 10.30 am to 5.30 pm
Break Time: 2.30 pm to 3.00 pm
Second -Forth Saturday and Sunday holiday
The above Bank Facility is also available to residents of nearby area. 

Tell me about counselling facility?
Dr. Pratibha Chandak is practicing Psychologist, since 22 years, she carries expertise in
1.Academic training & guidance 
2.Resolving behavior issues, 
3.Counseling to teenager, adult, educator, parent etc. 
4.Conducts personality development programs 
5.Delegates Motivational sessions 
6.One to one counseling, guidance for career, emotional stability, psychosomatic issues, etc.